## Daily Agenda
*Date: June 14, 2025*

Exams finally ended (Unfortunately I think I only have like a 30-40% chance of getting a 1ยบ a.k.a Pass w/distinction),
but at least I can start doing stuff I want to do again.

### New Routine
I'm thinking of trying a new summer routine that involves:

- Waking up at 4:00 AM and eat something (If I'm eating something heavy later, then I'll just do some biscuits or an apple)
- Work for an hour
- Go to the gym at 5:00-5:30 AM for an hour (or go for a 5-10k run), then take a shower
- Come back and continue sleeping until 8:30 AM
- Have Breakfast at 8:30-9:00 AM
- Play some games and work until 1PM
- Have Lunch
- Continue working until 6PM
- Have dinner at 6-7PM
- Games/Youtube unless I have sth to go out for
- Sleep at 9PM

This gives me around 7+1 hours of sleep which should be fine for me.
Thing is most people are going to be out of town so I probably won't have a lot of social interaction.
But if people that are staying organise some events in the clubs I could still go out,
It's just that I might not prefer staining my image with the group before I get myself from a 3 to a 7-8. 

### Stuff I need to complete in this summer
Of course 
#### Work
- 3DxN
- Maybe some "AI" projects that my Dad's tech company wants me to help with

#### Personal Projects
- Botting
- Tanki Projects (Mod Tools, New Ratings/main site, Helpers Bot, etc.)
- Evoku (Still have to find an artist/animator lol, but I think I know who to ask)
- Auricue (Prepare for incubator in september)

#### Personal Enrichment
- Learn some usable Russian
- Learn how to mix with ableton more effectively
- Beatbox more artificial-looking sounds
- Create a custom subliminal message that I will play with alarmy every night

### Social Friction
When I talk to someone they almost always try to dodge the conversation, they don't want to talk to me.
So I say fine, maybe the environment I'm in is not for me. If you hate me that much I'll just leave you guys alone.
And I'm not even complaining the fact that asian males in anglospheres get tons of irrational hate, which you see a lot on Reddit,
but I'll probably nomad to somewhere like Ukraine (after the war ends) as people there tend to treat Asians without any prejudice.
Unfortunately I'm still stuck in education for 3 more years, and I can't literally move to different cities and try my luck.
Perhaps the cohort next year will treat me a bit nicer, but who knows. Maybe even worse. 

I know I'm essentially a 3 or a 4 rn (maybe even worse) but I absolutely have the potential to be a 10.
Still change comes in at least 2-3 years but that would actually be ideal for me
(I'll hopefully get to a 7 when I'm 23 and maybe a 9 when I'm at 27, then finally a 10 at 30.
Ideally you would want to stay with a partner for 3-4 years before marriage,
so starting your family once you hit 30 is actually a decent life plan that I've made for myself).
I already know that's the case and money is never going to be a problem for me.
It will naturally come because I have the skills and the knowledge to make it happen.
Just that I need to work on the other things now before the money comes in.