# 19032024
## Daily Agenda
*Date: March 19, 2024*

So apparently I have a cold rn and fever is not stopping so maybe I need to double my drug doses. Productivity is also gonna be shit but I can't do shit. I'm gonna sleep way earlier for now.

### ProTanki

I recently received a helper account and it's pretty useful. It also includes spectator mode! So now I can spectate some matches and see how the tryhards play in Island. Potentially even picking up some "skills". Pretty awesome IMO.

1. Write article for invites (add **considering your invite** part as it's pretty niche and people probably never encountered it)

2. Write article for Battle Fund (or as a separate section of the Crystals article) and continue to test range of fund gain per rank (Originally I tried to use average but it just takes too long if u want a decent sample size)

I also plan to change the name of my main account, and I will have to inform the EN community manager for this - perhaps also ask him to transfer my helper paint to another account and possibly even try moderating the discord since there aren't a lot of articles to update on the wiki, and there are not a lot of English Discord mods rn (1 got kicked and 2 resigned lol)

### Pinball

I realized that you could literally build your own pinball machine with Arduino... It's awesome and you can see for yourself people's creations on youtube. I think this would be a great project for me to work on.

I will look deeper into the components and materials required and see if I can find cheap ones on Amazon or Ebay.

BTW I love how I could merge two of my agendas into a single one - less tasks to fulfill is relieving :)

### Evoku

Review the pull request and assign new tasks. Mainly focusing on completing the UI. Logic can be scaled in later.

### [Reading List](/books)

Wish I had learnt some economics or accounting concepts in high school... Completely lacking rn - but it's never too late to change. Plus some guy told me I had the right mindset of an entrepreneur so it gives me more motivation.

### Uni Stuff

1. Look at the financial declaration form, how many times did I write this down already...

2. Book a TB test? Probably too early, lemme ask my friend about this
