## Daily Agenda
*Date: October 19, 2025*

## Introduction

This is mostly just gonna be a shopping list for the upcoming week or so.
Moved into uni accom last week and finally got access to a kitchen! 
So it's time to start cooking something cheap and decent.

As for coding and projects - mostly going on track.
Evoku just got its first random user so that's super exciting.
I wonder when will the ProTanki devs give me the CM role in game. 
Talked to two admins - they both said I'm doing relatively well, so hopefully soon.
I just wanna be able to finally play vs low ranks, that would be super fun.

I think I'll also make another adjustment in my life strategy:
I'll probably only start socialising once my projects get successful enough.
Getting magnitudes ahead of everyone in your early years is kinda important.
You can always socialise when you're more established and have free time. And that's not even when you're peak.
My aim is to get financially independent at 22, but that looks insanely stretched - so
let's see if Evoku or Auricue can help with that.

Anyways, enough yapping - time for the list, you got it.

## Food
### Ingredients

#### Tesco
- Square White Bread (Can be frozen, apparently)
- Pork Shoulder Steak
- Bell Pepper
- Stir Fry Set
- Cucumber
- Table Salt
- White Pepper
- 5 Spice
- [Chilli Flakes, Cumin, Coriander]

#### Chinese
- 豆瓣醬
- 雪菜/榨菜
- 蠔油
- 米線/米粉/河粉
- 木耳/雲耳
- Instant Noodles and Cup Noodles
- Chilli Oil and Dried Chillies
- Black Vinegar
- Satay Sauce
- Fish Balls
- Rice Wine

#### Check prices in both
- Luncheon Meat
- LKK Soy Sauces (Light & Heavy)
- Miso Paste (If not Tesco Buy 3 1 Free)

### Utensils
- Non-sticky frying pan
- Saucepan/pot
- Chef Knife and Knife guard
- Plastic Chopping Board
- Silicone Spatula
- Food storage containers
- Measuring Jug or Beaker
- Steaming Stand
- Peeler
- Rice Cooker (In HK)

### Miscellaneous
- 5kg Protein Tub
- Maybe some creatine. The site I'm buying on gives a bigger discount if I get 60 quid worth of items at once.

### Georgian Wines
- Mildiani Khvanchkara
- Any Tvishi

Do you know why I have to buy them again? Because I fucking lost them during the move...
I know but I really am fucking retarded

## Home

### Clothing
- Suit and charcoal blazer
- New hoodies
- Underclothes that fit

### Others
- Pillow, needs to be firm.
- Scissors, tape and screwdriver set

## Miscellaneous
- US Visa Application
- Internships
- Laptop Bag (In HK)