## Daily Agenda
*Date: March 21, 2024*

I mostly recovered from the cold but there was a ton of *phlegm* (like, I never knew this thing's equivalent in English so it was pretty odd to describe it). Productivity should be back to normal.

I might actually set timestamps for the specifics tomorrow (when I wake up) so that I know what to follow.

### Wakeup and Lunch
Time: 1230-1330

Immediately after I wake up I go get lunch bcz I don't wake up early enough for breakfast

### Evoku
Time: 1330-1430

Try to get a basic backend server up running. Don't have to add too much bloat (such as account credentials and tokens) for now, people can just play as guests and that will work fine.

Meanwhile I'll continue to assign tasks for the frontend designer so he keeps occupied with them. Mostly styling and UI revamps. I don't even care if he wants to use a framework I never used before lol

### Reading and Nap
Time: 1430-1600

I did not read a lot (which is better than not reading at all) so I will catchup the progress.

Usually I read on bed and this makes a bad habit as I usually fall asleep much easily there so it includes a short sleep period just in case.

[Reading List](/books)

### Personal Finances
Time: 1600-1615

- Calculate living costs
- Check financial declaration forms
- Calculate budget surplus and required allowance for this month

### Timeslot Occupied
Time: 1630-2100

### Pinball Project
Time: 2100-2200

In my last Agenda I said that I wanted to make my own pinball and I developed an idea.

I think making something physically as opposed to virtually is better because u often need to execute a good plan. Once u go ahead the materials sitting there taking up space will incentivize you to complete the project. Sth like *Lost Cost* idk

For some reason I remembered plague Inc and so maybe the scenario of the machine acts like a Covid outbreak simulator and u as the player need to stop the spread of the disease by completing certain missions. But obviously u need the base and even a scoring system before u add these logic.

#### Components
Probably just a large wooden board, some nails or screws, some steel or copper wires that are ductile af, some pinballs, a shit ton of motors and other parts.

I will need to know how to make bumpers or rebounds. Ramps we can do using the wires. Kickers can be done using electromagnets. I can extract ghe ball plunger from another wooden project I made when I was 12 or sth. Or I can just buy them online alongside the metal balls (I think I have some pinballs at my grandparents' house, I can try getting them). But it might get expensive very soon. Nobody knows.

Also have to find a proper workshop to work on this, don't think my home has the necessary tools so I may visit my dad's office (But it might be a fluke, because why would you have heavy equipment in an office building? Lol)

There's a lot to think about it but better plan early to see what we have to prepare... Definitely want it to materialize so I get to train my skills plus bragging rights >:)
