## Daily Agenda
*Date: April 13, 2024*

It's been some time since I've last posted something on the website. But this one is gonna be a pretty big one.

Anyways UCL is taking so long to respond I'm starting to think that they missed my app and will reject me when their deadline to respond creeps in. Perhaps I could withdraw it before but I do want to try my chances at a full house (currently at 4/5 offers). Plus their opinion is irrelevant anyways when I am going to either Ox or Imp.


1. Clean home

    - Vacuum cleaner


2. Continue my [reading list](/books).

    - I haven't updated it for a while but I do not plan to do so
    - Hopefully I can do 50 pages tomorrow


3. Update ProTanki wiki

    - 2wham stole some of my routine tasks during events so I'll just do the remaining gold, crystal and supply box textures.
    - I'll also add some information on discount percentages and the range of items covered. Currently we have a *63%* discount on **exclusively mines and Cedar paint** (don't ask me why). If I just add 63% to the discount it would sound too weird to be true but that's what it is...


4. Learning trading

    - At the moment I'm just exploring simulations and basic indicators as I am relatively new to this. Also mainly because exchanges are closed on Saturdays lol


5.  Basic workout

    - I do 2-3 running sessions in a typical week but my upper body is kinda weak so I will do some more fitness trainings
    - Plank, pushup, seatup and your typicsl weight training setup


6. Continue with my AI project

    - Something Luca's project differs from mine is that I can't extract "region" as a numerical feature because it's not like a normalized spectrum from -1 to +1.
    - So either I make a new feature specifically giving weight to that particular region, or I find another method.


7. Plan Japan trip

    - Not much to say rn maybe just think about transport within Japan and accommodation for now.
