## Daily Agenda
*Date: June 25, 2026*

Can't say more other than the fact that I hate how these heatwaves are getting normalised yet nobody
is doing anything to try and alleviate them. Like just install some ACs hello? Screw whoever is
talking about net zero. Your shitty environmental policies are actually killing people :) talk about
helping the planet lol. Fantastic job green parties 👍 Although to be fair, cultural progressivism
is kinda at odds with the "working class" anyways, so more of an unintended consequence.

One auxiliary problem apart from getting so hot and irritated that you almost stop functioning from 
borderline heatstroke is just how awful it reeks everywhere. Sometimes I do wonder if I might also 
have body odor even though it is highly unlikely from a statistical endpoint that I do thanks to me 
being Asian. The gene that gives you dry earwax and no body odor (and small breasts for women).

Anyways, a few things to do over the next feel days:

### Todo
- Get the final draft for EEM application by friday afternoon (?)
- Wrap up ProTanki Automatisation Media Programme. Would be a really cool project.
- Spin up the G2G env and do some prep work on the weekend, first report due Monday.
- Could try CUDA parallelisation for TTIO's POW function if I'm free. The current version used by 
the script kiddies still runs on single-threaded JS. This could potentially support tens of
thousands of concurrent bots, it would be rather fun. Although, admittedly, they probably wouldn't
even know how to enable acceleration on their computers, nor is their orchestration script likely
strong enough to coordinate tens thousands of proxy handshakes, so eh, still got reservations.

That's really it, i'd say.
