1. The best career path is not one where you get into a Sloppy "young innovators hackathon" (spamming/regurgitating low impact slop in hours) but where you actually gain 4-5 years of work experience doing real engineering and forging connections before you identify a real void in the market that your idea of a product will plug in or revolutionise. This also maximises your chances of success over getting poached by corporations for young fellowship programme where you're too young and naive to understand the skills of bargaining with your employer.

2. Vibecoding is a classical example of horizontal expansion because it talks about parallel throughput, not vertical along the skill hierarchy. This saturates the low-skill market (SaaS) but does not allow increased market share over projects requiring more technical depth. For professionals, my suggestion is to not compete with a low skilled programmer from India who can run 10 agents simultaneously and ship out 4 slop projects every week (this is what hackathons demand btw). Use your knowledge to actually work in core infrastructure.

3. Having been brainworming on Xitter recently there's a lot of "Asian Masculinity" reactionary posts to the trend of asian females dating outwards. Personally, **AS AN ASIAN**, I think this strategy is stupid because Asians (on average, and statistically) possess less *physical* traits deemed as masculine compared to other racial groups. It's like grinding further mathematics in A-Levels for a B when it's a completely optional module and you could have had A* in Biology if you picked your modules correctly. Why not use your smarts and professional skills and maximise your potential as a financially and emotionally reliable partner instead? Support political ideologies that reduce your tax burden, reduce public funds/safety net and disincentivise traits for people who make more impulsive/poor decisions on average. Refer to Maslow's hierarchy of needs. When such people are deprived of welfare and funds, survival instincts kick in and any physical traits instantly become irrelevant over financial stability.

4. The term Asian is overarching and describes over 4 billion people in total. A Syrian Arab, Sri Lankan, Japanese and Green Ukrainian have nothing in common except for being of the *Homo Sapiens* race and living in the same continent. So I would love to see the revival the Oriental and Subcontinental terminologies because you'll actually be able of describing a person from Asia more accurately using a more specifc, neutral regional descriptor.
