In my earlier quick thoughts post, I briefly mentioned how Vertical expansion is better for professionals over horizontal expansion. But I am eager to make a correction here: I think as long as you're not wasting any bandwidth on horizontal expansion (for example, running 10 fully autonomous AI agents without constant babysitting), or if the market for said horizontal expansion can be easily saturated only with sufficient skill on your part (usually when automating auxiliary departments of a finite entity), then it is perfectly fine to use horizontal expansion as leverage to force vertical expansion. 

To illustrate what the latter point means, let's consider a specific type of work done by data corporations, Master Data Management. By merging decentralised data across multiple departments of a company (client) on multiple categories into a common unified source of truth, you introduce a common chokepoint for that company, forcing them to be operationally reliant on you for analysis (insights) and management of this data. This is your leverage over them - you provide information that they could have never done by themselves on the condition that you be treated well. Eventually, the fear of them losing access to this newfound information will convince central management to elevate you as part of their team, or grant further concessions to you within the company.

Sometimes I'm happy that instead of being a complete dork and nerd who only knows how to operate on technical knowledge I get to also understand a basic degree of management and commercialisation principles too. So, it's time to accept me into the EEM track, I'll apply every principle that you have to offer.
